Liang Gongzi, I have already told you
Don't be fooled by Luo Xunmei's dead green tea
You just won't listen?
Do not insult Luo Xunmei
Shut up and don't talk to Miss Luo like that
Dad, what's wrong with you today?
Why do you keep speaking for Luo Yingxue?
He's just an out-of-favor lady of the Luo family
Our Liang family doesn't need to be afraid of him
That's right, City Lord Liang
This Luo Yingxue is just the daughter of my Luo family
Committed a felony
Deposit Sauron Yu
And it's the kind that never sees the light of day
Why did you save him?
So respectful
Right.
City Lord, where are you from our Nuo family like this?
Although you are the city lord
But our Nuo family, as the first family of Shendu
It's not about the existence of being bullied
I hope the city lord will give us an explanation.
That's right, please give us an explanation.
You are a bunch of idiots
Unknown fool
Dad, did you hear me?
That's the name.
All the dignitaries present today are dignitaries of the capital of God
Today he offended everyone at once
Even if you are the city lord, there is no need to digest it, right?
You're pissing me off
Do you know how to do this?
It will bring disaster to our family
Dad, you are making too much of a fuss
He is just a married woman
Why are you so nervous about him?